Link E2E example to docs (#1790)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/user-guide/advanced-guide/pipelining-features/configure-steps-pipelines.md

artifact = ExternalArtifact(pipeline_name="training_pipeline", artifact_name="model")
```

<details>

<summary>See it in action with the E2E example</summary>

> *To setup local environment used below follow recommendations from 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*To setup the local environment used below, follow the recommendations from the
```

Author: Will update via commit in all places.

[Project templates](../../starter-guide/using-project-templates.md#advanced-guide).*

> In [`pipelines/batch_inference.py`](../../../../../examples/e2e/pipelines/batch_inference.py) you can find an example using `ExternalArtifact` concept to
> share Artifacts produced by training pipeline inside batch inference pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [`pipelines/batch_inference.py`](../../../../../examples/e2e/pipelines/batch_inference.py), you can find an example using the `ExternalArtifact` concept to
share Artifacts produced by a training pipeline inside a batch inference pipeline.
```

> On ETL stage pipeline developer can pass `sklearn.Pipeline` fitted during training for feature preprocessing and apply it to transform inference input features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the ETL stage pipeline, developers can pass a `sklearn.Pipeline` fitted during training for feature preprocessing and apply it to transform inference input features.
```

> With this we ensure that exactly same feature preprocessor used during training will be used during inference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this, we ensure that the exact same feature preprocessor used during training will be used during inference.
```

```python
    ########## ETL stage  ##########
    df_inference, target = data_loader(is_inference=True)
    df_inference = inference_data_preprocessor(
        dataset_inf=df_inference,
        preprocess_pipeline=ExternalArtifact(
            pipeline_name=MetaConfig.pipeline_name_training,
            artifact_name="preprocess_pipeline",
        ),
        target=target,
    )
```

> On DataQuality stage pipeline developer can pass `pd.DataFrame` used as a training dataset to be used as a reference dataset versus current inference one to apply Evidently and get Data Quality report back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the DataQuality stage pipeline, developers can pass `pd.DataFrame` used as a training dataset to be used as a reference dataset versus the current inference one to apply Evidently and get DataQuality report back.
```

> With this we ensure that exactly same training dataset used during training phase will be used to compare with inference dataset here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this, we ensure that the exact same training dataset used during the training phase will be used to compare with the inference dataset here.
```
